---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shelly_rgb_config Resource - shelly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# shelly_rgb_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) The ID of the RGB component instance.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the Shelly device.

### Optional

- `auto_off` (Boolean) True if the "Automatic OFF" function is enabled, false otherwise
- `auto_off_delay` (Number) Seconds to pass until the component is switched back off
- `auto_on` (Boolean) True if the "Automatic ON" function is enabled, false otherwise
- `auto_on_delay` (Number) Seconds to pass until the component is switched back on
- `button_fade_rate` (Number) Controls how quickly the output level changes while a button is held down for dimming (if applicable). Default value 3. Range [1,5] where 5 is fastest, 1 is slowest
- `button_presets` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--button_presets))
- `current_limit` (Number) Limit (in Amperes) over which overcurrent condition occurs (shown if applicable). For specific devices applies for color channels, not RGB component
- `in_mode` (String) Mode of the associated input. Range of values: follow, flip, activate, detached, dim
- `initial_state` (String) Output state to set on power_on. Range of values: off, on, restore_last
- `min_brightness_on_toggle` (Number) Brightness level (in percent) applied when there is a toggle and current brightness is lower than min_brightness_on_toggle.
- `name` (String) Name of the RGB instance
- `night_mode` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--night_mode))
- `power_limit` (Number) Limit (in Watts) over which overpower condition occurs (shown if applicable)
- `transition_duration` (Number) Transition time (in seconds) - time to change from 0% to 100% of brightness or RGB levels
- `voltage_limit` (Number) Limit (in Volts) over which overvoltage condition occurs (shown if applicable)

<a id="nestedatt--button_presets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `button_presets`

Optional:

- `button_doublepush` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--button_presets--button_doublepush))

<a id="nestedatt--button_presets--button_doublepush"></a>
### Nested Schema for `button_presets.button_doublepush`

Optional:

- `brightness` (Number) Brightness level (in percent) set on double click (if applicable). null overrides brightness with current brightness when preset is applied. Default 100
- `rgb` (List of Number) Color level set on double click (if applicable). Red, Green, Blue [r,g,b] - each value represents level between 0..255. null overrides rgb array with current rgb array when preset is applied. Default value 255 for each color



<a id="nestedatt--night_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `night_mode`

Optional:

- `active_between` (List of String) Containing 2 elements of type string, the first element indicates the start of the period during which the night mode will be active, the second indicates the end of that period. Both start and end are strings in the format HH:MM, where HH and MM are hours and minutes with optinal leading zeros
- `brightness` (Number) Brightness level limit (in percent) when night mode is active. null overrides night_mode.brightness with current brightness when night mode starts. Default value 50.
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable or disable night mode
- `rgb` (List of Number) Color level when night mode is active. Red, Green, Blue [r,g,b] - each value represents level between 0..255. null overrides night_mode.rgb array with current rgb array when night mode starts. Default value 255 for each color
