---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shelly_rgbcct_config Resource - shelly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# shelly_rgbcct_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) The ID of the RGBCCT component instance.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the Shelly device.

### Optional

- `auto_off` (Boolean) True if the "Automatic OFF" function is enabled, false otherwise
- `auto_off_delay` (Number) Seconds to pass until the component is switched back off
- `auto_on` (Boolean) True if the "Automatic ON" function is enabled, false otherwise
- `auto_on_delay` (Number) Seconds to pass until the component is switched back on
- `initial_state` (String) Output state to set on power_on. Range of values: off, on, restore_last
- `min_brightness_on_toggle` (Number) Brightness level (in percent) applied when there is a toggle and current brightness is lower than min_brightness_on_toggle.
- `name` (String) Name of the RGBCCT instance
- `night_mode` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--night_mode))
- `transition_duration` (Number) Transition time (in seconds) - time to change from 0% to 100% of brightness, RGB levels or color temperature value

<a id="nestedatt--night_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `night_mode`

Optional:

- `active_between` (List of String) Containing 2 elements of type string, the first element indicates the start of the period during which the night mode will be active, the second indicates the end of that period. Both start and end are strings in the format HH:MM, where HH and MM are hours and minutes with optinal leading zeros
- `brightness` (Number) Brightness level limit (in percent) when night mode is active. null overrides night_mode.brightness with current brightness when night mode starts. Default value 50.
- `ct` (Number) Color temperature level limit (in Kelvin) when night mode is active. null overrides night_mode.ct value with current ct value when night mode starts. Default value: 50% of ct_range. For DuoBulbG3: 4600
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable or disable night mode
- `mode` (String) Operating mode of the light output when night mode is active. Range of values: rgb, cct or null. null overrides night_mode.mode value with current mode when night mode starts. Default value: rgb
- `rgb` (List of Number) Color level when night mode is active. Red, Green, Blue [r,g,b] - each value represents level between 0..255. null overrides night_mode.rgb array with current rgb array when night mode starts. Default value 255 for each color
