---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shelly_switch_config Resource - shelly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# shelly_switch_config (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "shelly_switch_config" "example" {
  ip            = "192.168.1.100"
  id            = 0
  name          = "Living Room Light"
  in_mode       = "momentary"
  initial_state = "restore_last"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) The ID of the Switch component instance.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the Shelly device.

### Optional

- `auto_off` (Boolean) True if the "Automatic OFF" function is enabled, false otherwise
- `auto_off_delay` (Number) Seconds to pass until the component is switched back off
- `auto_on` (Boolean) True if the "Automatic ON" function is enabled, false otherwise
- `auto_on_delay` (Number) Seconds to pass until the component is switched back on
- `autorecover_voltage_errors` (Boolean) True if switch output state should be restored after over/undervoltage error is cleared, false otherwise (shown if applicable)
- `counts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--counts))
- `current_limit` (Number) Number, limit (in Amperes) over which overcurrent condition occurs (shown if applicable)
- `in_locked` (Boolean) If True, all changes to physical inputs are ignored, regardless of mode.
- `in_mode` (String) Mode of the associated input. Range of values: momentary, follow, flip, detached, cycle (if applicable), activate (if applicable)
- `initial_state` (String) Output state to set on power_on. Range of values: off, on, restore_last, match_input
- `input_id` (Number) Id of the Input component which controls the Switch. Applicable only to Pro1, Pro1PM and 1LG3 devices. Valid values: 0, 1
- `name` (String) Name of the switch instance
- `power_limit` (Number) Limit (in Watts) over which overpower condition occurs (shown if applicable)
- `reverse` (Boolean) Reverse measurement direction of active power and energy. setting the reverse option requires restart (shown if applicable)
- `undervoltage_limit` (Number) Limit (in Volts) under which undervoltage condition occurs (shown if applicable)
- `voltage_limit` (Number) Limit (in Volts) over which overvoltage condition occurs (shown if applicable)

<a id="nestedatt--counts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `counts`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable or disable the switch counters (shown if applicable)
- `power_thr` (Number) Active power threshold (in Watts) over which on_above_thr counter is incremented. Default value 100. (shown if applicable)
