---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shelly_wifi_config Resource - shelly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# shelly_wifi_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip` (String) The IP address of the Shelly device.

### Optional

- `ap` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ap))
- `roam` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roam))
- `sta` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sta))

<a id="nestedatt--ap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ap`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) True if the access point is enabled, false otherwise
- `is_open` (Boolean) True if the access point is open, false otherwise
- `pass` (String) Password for the AP network, writeonly. Default is open network, set to null to restore default. optional
- `range_extender` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ap--range_extender))
- `ssid` (String) SSID of the access point (up to 29 symbols). Default is the deviceID, set to null to restore default. optional

<a id="nestedatt--ap--range_extender"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ap.range_extender`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) True if range extender functionality is enabled, false otherwise



<a id="nestedatt--roam"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roam`

Optional:

- `interval` (Number) Interval at which to scan for better access points. Enabled if set to positive number, disabled if set to 0. Default value: 60
- `rssi_thr` (Number) Rssi threshold - when reached will trigger the access point roaming. Default value: -80


<a id="nestedatt--sta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sta`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) True if the configuration is enabled, false otherwise
- `gw` (String) Gateway to use when ipv4mode is static
- `ip` (String) Ip to use when ipv4mode is static
- `ipv4mode` (String) IPv4 mode. Range of values: dhcp, static
- `is_open` (Boolean) True if the network is open, i.e. no password is set, false otherwise, readonly
- `nameserver` (String) Nameserver to use when ipv4mode is static
- `netmask` (String) Netmask to use when ipv4mode is static
- `pass` (String) Password for the SSID, writeonly. Must be provided if you provide ssid
- `ssid` (String) SSID of the network.
